Sahyadri Hospital
Sahyadri Hospital was founded by Dr. Charudatt Apte, a neurosurgeon, who serves its Chairman & Managing Director. The first hospital was established at Deccan Gymkhana Pune, in 2004. As of 2019, the chain has eight network hospitals with over nine hundred beds.[3] They had their first dedicated facility for Neurology and Neurosurgery treatment at their flagship Hospital in the Deccan Gymkhana in November 2004.
The Sahyadri group has eight hospitals with more than 900 beds and 200 ICU beds.
Pune
Sahyadri Super Speciality Hospital, Deccan Gymkhana
Sahyadri Hospital Bibwewadi
Sahyadri Super Speciality Hospital Hadapsar
Sahyadri Hospital Kothrud
Sahyadri Super Speciality Hospital, Nagar Road
Sahyadri Speciality Labs, Lokmanya Colony, Kothrud.
Karad
Sahyadri Super Specialty Hospital Karad
Nashik
Sahyadri Super Speciality Hospital, Nashik



Sassoon Hospital
Sassoon General Hospital (Marathi: ससून सर्वोपचार रुग्णालय) is a large state-run hospital in Pune, India with over 1500 beds. The B. J. Medical College, Pune and a Nurses training School is attached to it.
The Jewish philanthropist David Sassoon from Mumbai made a generous donation to make the construction of the hospital possible in 1867. The hospital could originally accommodate 144 patients.[1] A well-respected child-care center and orphanage, Society of Friends of Sassoon Hospitals (SOFOSH), is connected to the hospital. SOFOSH was started in August 1964 by a group of Pune citizens for the welfare of poor patients of Sassoon Hospitals.[2] Child care activities were initiated in 1973. SOFOSH’s child care center, "Shreevatsa", has provided a home to orphan children ranging from newborns to six-year-olds. Many of the children are placed with adoptive families in India and overseas. A number of children are physically and mentally challenged and a growing number are afflicted by life-threatening ailments. Many of these children will never find adoptive families, and are cared for by the SOFOSH "Preetanjali" project. This also helps kids from ages 0–6 get a home in their orphanage care system; they have been matching adults up with children for 32 years now.


Ruby Hall Clinic
Ruby Hall Clinic is a prominent hospital in the city of Pune, India. It is a 750-bed hospital facility with a staff of 300 consultants, 650 panel doctors and 1500 paramedical staff[1] and was accredited by National Accreditation Board for Hospitals & Healthcare Providers (NABH).
It is a recognised Post Graduate Teaching Hospital for the Students of Maharashtra University of Health Sciences, National Board of Examinations and College of Physicians & Surgeons of Mumbai.
Ruby Hall Clinic was established in 1959 by Dr. K B Grant. In 1966, Ruby Hall Clinic was converted from a Private Institution owned by Dr. Grant to a public charitable trust, Poona Medical Foundation. It was later converted to the Grant Medical Foundation in 2000, of which Dr. Grant was the chairman and managing trustee.
The Clinic in collaboration with Kalyani Group announced to launch a special Institute for Research for Prostate Cancer.
Ruby Hall Clinic has state of the art facilities in Cardiology, Cardiac Surgery, Neurology, Nuclear Medicine Department (Digital PET-CT & SPECT CT), Diagnostic Center, Intensive Care Units, a Blood Bank and Cancer Unit. In 1999, The Hospital ranked First in India for having the Most Number of ICU Beds i.e. 76, leaving behind other Renowned Hospitals like Bombay Hospital, Jaslok Hospital, Hinduja Hospital, etc.The number of ICU beds available now has increased to 130.
Recently, Times Of India in its Pune Mirror Section, named the IVF centre of Ruby Hall Clinic as the best in West India and among the Top 10 of India. The IVF centre has seen tremendous growth over the past decade and has become the most favoured destination for the patients from Pune and surrounding areas.


Joshi Hospital
Joshi Hospital is a large state-run hospital in Pune, India
Dr. L. B. Joshi, a surgeon in Pune, started The Joshi hospital in 1950. In 1978, Dr. Joshi donated the hospital to Maharashtra Medical Foundation and since then, the Foundation is taking care of this hospital.
It has all the ultra modern facilities under one roof including general, laparoscopic, onco, hand, gastroenterology surgery. The hospital has more than 100 beds.


Jehangir Hospital
Jehangir Hospital[1] is a 350-bed hospital in Pune, Maharashtra, India. Sir Cowasji Jehangir and Lady Hirabai Jehangir founded the hospital on 6 February 1946.
The Jehangir Nursing Home was set by Sir Cowasji and Lady Hirabai who donated the land to start the hospital. The villa was called Ready Money Villa but they named it after their son Jehangir who passed away that year. The hospital began with 8 beds and Eduljee H Coyaji[3] was asked to helm Pune city's first private hospital in May 1946.
Jehangir Hospital has 350 beds. It has been certified by NABH in 2013[4] and NABL. It works closely with the Hirabai Cowasji Jehangir Medical Research Institute[5] and the National Aids Research Institute. It handles around 1,00,000 patients annually including international patients who come from countries that include the Middle East and Africa.



Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital
Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital is a multi-speciality medical centre in Pune, India. The hospital is named for Aditya Birla.
Rajashree Birla, chairperson of the Aditya Birla Foundation which is funding the medical centre, is steering this project. It is Maharashtra's First Joint Commission International and National Accreditation Board for Hospital accredited hospital, and also India's first HACCP[clarification needed] and ISO: 22000:2005 certified hospital.
