Symbiosis International University
Symbiosis International University (Private University), is a multi-campus private deemed university located in the city of Pune, India. The university has more than 30 academic institutions[6] spread over various campuses in Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Indore, Nagpur, Nashik, Noida. In 2019, the university opened a campus in Nagpur.


Bharati Vidyapeeth
Bharati Vidyapeeth is a 57 year old private deemed to be university established in Pune, India. It was established in 1964 by Indian politician and educationist Patangrao Kadam. Bharati Vidyapeeth has campuses across the country at New Delhi, Navi Mumbai, Sangli, Pune, Solapur, Kolhapur, Karad, Satara, and Panchgani. Among these are colleges of Medicine, Dentistry, Ayurveda, Homeopathy, Nursing, Pharmacy, Engineering, Management, Hotel Management, Catering Technology, Environment Science and Agriculture etc. On 26 April 1996 the Government of India, on the recommendation of the University Grants Commission, granted the status of "Deemed to be University" to a cluster of 12 institutions of Bharati Vidyapeeth.


Savitribai Phule Pune University
Savitribai Phule Pune University (SPPU), formerly University of Pune and University of Poona, is a collegiate public state university located in the city of Pune, India. Established in 1949, and spread over a 411 acres (1.66 km2) campus.
University of Pune was established on 10 February 1949 under the Pune University Act, passed by the Bombay legislature in 1948.[5] M. R. Jayakar became its first Vice-Chancellor. Its first office was started from the Nizam Guest House, which is part of Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute on Law College Road. The university was operated at Nizam Guest House till 1 June 1949. Its current building originally called the Governor House. As its name suggests, it was the seasonal retreat of the Governor of Bombay.[6] B. G. Kher, Chief Minister and Education Minister of the government of Bombay, helped ensure the university received a large allocation of land for their campus. The university was allocated over 411 acres (1.66 km2).[5]
The institution's name was changed from the University of Pune to Savitribai Phule Pune University on 9 August 2014 in honor of Savitribai Phule, the 19th century Indian social reformer who played an important role in improving the lives of women and the Dalit communities in Maharashtra during British colonial rule. She and her husband Mahatma Jyotirao Phule founded India's first native-run school for girls in 1848.[7]



Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics
Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics, commonly known as Gokhale Institute, is one of the oldest research and training institutes in Economics in India.
The Institute was founded on 6 June 1930 by R. R. Kale as a centre for research and higher learning in economics. The Institute was founded with an endowment offered to the Servants of India Society by Shri R R Kale. The Servants of India Society, a registered body founded by the nationalist leader Gopal Krishna Gokhale, are the trustees of the Institute. The Institute is registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, and the Bombay Public Trusts Act, 1950.
The Institute was set up with an objective to conduct research on the economic and political problems of India and to train research workers in these disciplines. D. R. Gadgil was the first Director of the Institute. It was named a deemed university in 1993.


